---
layout: post
title: "Stocks from scratchs"
category: blog
date: 2022-08-22
---

# Stocks from scratchs

I'll list downall my knowledge of stocks here. The aim of this documents would be to be precise in definition and to act as a lookup table. The source of this text is [Adam khoo's channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/AdamKhoo).


## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
   1. [What is Stocks](#what-is-jekyll)
   2. [How to get started with investing?](#never-used-jekyll-before)
2. [Support and Resistance](#support-and-resistance)
3. [Fibonacci Retracement Levels](#Fibonacci-Retracement-Levels)
   1. [What?](#github-pages-installation)
   2. [How?](#local-installation)
   3. [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
   4. [Starting From Scratch](#starting-from-scratch)



## Introduction

## support-and-resistance:
* WHAT: Resistance against a price is whenthe price point reverses theup-trend to down-trend. (needs 3hits). Support is reverse of resistance. 

* How: At the support/resistance level,buyersare waiting in bunch to buysell andhence the trend 

* USE: When a trend break a support,thesupport becomes a resistanceandvis-versa               

* variation: Trend line supports: These are the st. line for anuptrend ordown-trend which acts assupport andresistance but unlikethe conventionalones, the arenthorizontal lines. 


## Fibonacci-Retracement-Levels:

* WHAT: On uptrend, prices goes up, then little down and then up. 

* How: How to know know about 'little down'? Theory: 38.2%, 50%, 61.8% touching the lowest elemnet of candle sticks



## Candelstick Patterns:

What: Gives a more day to day idea of the stocks. Types: Bullish (White/Green) or Bearish (Red/Black). 

->    Bullish Candle : Market closed higher than it open (two horizontal bars). The edges are highest and lowest point that it touched. 

->    Bearish Candle: Same stuff just reverse. 


### TYPES:

Bullish pinbars: small body long (2/3 of whole body) lower pin. If it lies on uptrend and on a support level (better if the pin cuts the support), the stocks might go up 

Bearish pin: small body long (2/3 of whole body) upper pin. Reliable  on top of the down trens hitting resistance line or moving average. 


Tweezer bottoms: a pair of bull and bearish candelof same size in a support+uptrend base. The stocks usually go up   


Tweezer top: a pair of bull and bearish candelof same 
size in a resistance+downtrend base. The stocks usually go up   


One white solider: Bear+bull pair with the bull is y shifted up . (uptrend + support level): Stock rises. 

One Black crow: Bear+bull pair with the bull is y shifted down. (downtrend + resistance level): Stock decreases . 


Morning Star: 3 candels: Bear+small+bull (Bull size = bear size, y gap between 3 ) uptrend + support level): Stock rises. 
Evening Star: Reverse Morning star

BB levels shows counter trends. Learn them as well

Engulfing patters: A pair where the former is smaller bodied than the later. Big bull on uptrend means rise






## Confluence in Trend Trading:

### What?
Same indication by different analysis methods. (At least 3)


